It's freezing.
That's not like her.
Well, it has been pretty cold lately.
Morning.
What are you guys doing?
Oh, that's right. You aren't
a member of our group.
What group?
First off, you don't have
a smartphone, do you.
That's because I've got this.
That's the company's cell phone...
Futaba-chan's out with a cold today.
"F: Sorry, I've got a cold and fever.
Please let me take today off."
She's got a cold, huh...
"Episode 4:
Someone Who'll Be By Your Side"
I stayed home from work...
It's the first time I've caught a cold
since I started living on my own...
I feel so alone...
What if it gets worse,
and no one finds me...
Noooo!
"Grandpa"
Grandpa...
"G: Hotpots are the best
cold winter meals."
"G: I'd love to share one with you."
"That hotpot looks good."
"I'm sick with a cold."
I can't. I'll just make him worry. Plus...
Futaba! I'm on my way!
...I bet he'll come right over.
"I'm sick with a cold."
I feel sick, but I should
probably eat something.
I've got to get over this fast
so I can go back to work.
"Miso"
"Water" "Butter"
I was planning on going grocery shopping
on the way home from work today...
I've got to go out and get something...
It's too much of a pain
to change clothes...
The front door seems so far away...
Huh?
Looks like I came here just in time.
I bought you some food and energy drinks.
Wh-Why...?
Take it.
Seems like something's been going around,
so I'm not surprised you got sick.
You okay?
Uh... Uh...
Well, eat that and get some rest.
Get well soon, now!
Uh, um...
I'm not feeling so good right now,
so I'm not sure whether
I can eat on my own.
It'd be a big help if someone
could cook for me.
Yeah... You must've felt so alone.
All right!
Oh, where does she keep her bowl?
It's on the kitchen rack.
What?
It's on the kitchen rack...
left-hand side, bottom shelf...
Left-hand side, bottom shelf...
Oh, there it is.
I'm sorry about this.
No worries.
It's ready. Can you eat?
All right...
Udon!
I know how much you like udon.
Careful now, it's hot.
Thank you for making me this.
No prob.
It's nice and warm.
She's got an appetite,
so she should be fine.
Please don't look at those.
My bad.
Senpai, I had some documents that
need to be turned in by tomorrow...
I already took care of those.
Don't worry about it.
Sorry...
What are you talking about?
We should help each other out
at times like these.
Sakurai, Kazama, and the gang
were all worried about you.
Okay.
Wha--?!
You've got quite a fever.
Go to sleep now.
My fever's gone down.
Takeda-senpai?
"Take another day off and get some rest.
If anything happens, call me.
-Takeda"
Senpai...
He saw my apartment...
Good morning!
Futaba-chan!
Are you over your cold?
Yes, thank you for your concern.
It was so lonely without you
that I couldn't focus on my work.
You've always had trouble
focusing on your work.
Morning.
G... Good morning.
--Are you feeling better?
--Yes, I am.
That's great. You had quite
a fever, you know.
Huh?
T-Takeda-senpai!
Let's go make some sales calls!
Hey, you sure are raring to go!
You're just getting over your cold,
so don't push yourself too hard.
I'm feeling better now.
Okay.
You like stuffed animals?
You had a lot of them at your place.
I've been collecting them
for a long time now.
Really?
I should've gone to
check on you much earlier.
I was the only one who didn't
know you'd caught a cold.
"Reserve one of the new smartphones
that everyone's talking about!!"
"The latest models have arrived!"
Guess it's time I got a smartphone...
You should! That way we could
get in touch with you easily.
But I don't know what kind to get...
I could help you.
Really?
I'm free on our next day off.
Igarashi!
Hey there.
Thank you for waiting.
--You okay with spending your day off...
--Would the customer with ticket #95...
--...helping a geezer pick out a smartphone?
--...please come to the reception desk?
This way it'll be easier
for me to get hold of you.
Oh, okay.
Plus...
You did take care of me when I was sick...
Sir?
Did you come here with your daughter?
We also have smartphones just for kids.
Thank you for your patronage!
You're a real lifesaver!
I don't know what I
would've done without you.
Well, if you break it or lose it,
next time you'll have to come by yourself.
All right, all right.
Now I can get in touch with you anytime.
You'd better not contact me
unless it's work-related.
Something wrong?
Here.
Huh?
Our contact cards? If we don't exchange
them, we can't get hold of each other.
Oh, I get it.
Please add me to your friends list.
Where do I do that?
All I see is myself on the screen.
Senpai?
Yeah?
If you ever catch a cold, I'll take
care of you like you did for me.
Okay.
Well, well!
"Natsumi"
Natsumi...
Hello?
Looks like you're over your cold.
Yeah.
The next time you're sick, call me, okay?
You must've felt so alone all by yourself.
Unless... someone else
came over and took care of you?
Wh-What are you talking about?
Like that'd ever happen!
I was alone in bed the whole time!
Actually, I saw you today.
D-D-Doing what?
Walking with a really big guy.
Oh, it's not what you think!
Takeda-senpai's just one
of my superiors at work.
I was only helping him pick a smartphone!
Oh, so you call him Takeda-senpai.
I'm hanging up now
because I'm going to bed.
Okay, talk to you later, then! Good night!
Natsumi can be a pain sometimes...
"F: Yeah, thanks. I'll be okay."
"N: Well, call me if anything happens."
"F: Okay, bye!"
"Itomaki Room (14)"
"Grandpa"
"Sakurai Touko"
"Takeda Harumi"
He hasn't tried contacting me...
Oh, I see you got a smartphone.
--Kazama?
--Yes?
How do you send someone
a message on a smartphone?
You're kidding, right?
I started last night,
and I've been trying ever since...
Tap on the word balloon icon...
Futaba-chan?
Sakurai-san?
What are you looking at?
N-Nothing special.
Just some bear images.
Takeda-san's in your contacts.
So, he finally got a smartphone, huh?
Well, you see?
I "heard" that Takeda-senpai
got a smartphone yesterday,
so I was just adding him to my contacts.
You don't say.
She's so easy to read.
"Takeda Harumi"
"Thanks."
It took him five whole minutes
to send a single text...
I finally managed to send it.
Good job...
"T: Sorry, I've got a cold,
so I'll be taking the day off."
I think this is the first time
that Takeda-kun's
taken time off since he
started working here.
Is that right?
Now that you mention it, I don't think
he's taken any time off before.
And that time the flu was
going around like crazy?
He was the only one who didn't get sick.
I guess even Takeda-san
can catch colds sometimes.
You wouldn't think so
from the way he looks.
I wonder if he caught my cold...
A cold, huh?
Oh, Tsukishiro-san
and Sakurai-san, it's you...
Colds are no laughing matter.
In Siberia, they'll be the death of you.
What...?
So, what are you going to do, Futaba-chan?
Aren't you going to go take care of him?
Why would I?
I'm not going to.
I'm going back to my desk now.
All right.
Touko.
Touko, Siberia cakes
are pretty tasty, you know.
"100.94* F"
Darn, it hasn't gone down.
Man, I'm hungry.
And there's nothing in the fridge...
Guess I'll have to go grab something...
I'm so out of it...
Going to the convenience store
is such a pain...
Igarashi?
Knowing you, Senpai, I figured you
haven't been eating all that well,
and seeing as you took
care of me last time...
Uh... well... um... I guess
what I'm trying to say is...
I came here to return the favor!
Uh...
Where are the cooking chopsticks?
Not in here.
Senpai, where are the cooking chopsticks?
Where did I put them...?
Oh, never mind, it's okay.
Please, just stay in bed.
I found them!
Sorry about that...
It's okay.
Now we just wait a bit...
Oh, pot holders.
I can't believe they
had them in his size...
Guess he's never used them...
Well, why would he need to? The skin
on his hands looks thick enough.
From this angle, it looks like
something different...
Home run!
Food's ready! I added plenty
of scallions and ginger.
Thanks.
Careful, it's hot.
All right.
--Looks good!
--I knew he'd take it off barehanded...
Thanks for fixing me this.
Wow, this is just amazing!
You'll make a great wife.
Um, Senpai?
Yeah?
You caught my cold, didn't you?
No, that's not it.
The other day I stood under a waterfall
as part of my midwinter judo training.
A waterfall?
Really?
Yeah, I can't believe I did that.
Man, that was great!
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Now please, get some sleep.
Sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble.
Sheer momentum may have brought me here,
but I've never actually been
in a guy's room before...
He's fast asleep.
I wonder if I've returned the favor now...
His face looks so relaxed
when he's asleep...
Come to think of it, he's always got
a little bit of a beard going here.
It's so prickly!
What are you doing?
Get well soon!
Could this get any worse? He saw what I
did. What the heck came over me, anyway?
I hope she'll fix me something else
sometime. Her food's so good.
Mornin'!
Good morning.
Good morning. Looks like
you're feeling better now.
Yeah, sorry to put you guys out.
Good morning.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
What is it?
Hey, what is with you?
Thanks for coming to visit me!
It really made my day!
Futaba-chan, didn't you tell me
you weren't going to visit him?
Hey, wh... wh... why'd you
have to tell them?
Wait. You didn't say anything?
Did Igarashi-chan visit you at home?
Yeah, she came to visit me when I
was sick. Igarashi's cooking is so g--
Don't say another word!
You even cooked for him? That's great.
I think I'll try hard, too...
This sucks!
Please don't say stuff like that!
It's embarrassing.
I don't think it's anything to get upset
about. Your cooking really is good.
Well, Senpai, if you insist, I could
make you something else sometime...
Okay then, how about a Hamburg steak?
Huh?! You're actually making a request?